Permit Installing .NET via a package.json file (#1976)
dotnet/vscode-dotnet-runtime: Documentation/commands.md

## dotnet.ensureDotnetDependencies

This command is only applicable to linux machines. It attempts to ensure that .NET dependencies are present and, if they are not, installs them or prompts the user to do so. It accepts a [IDotnetEnsureDependenciesContext](https://github.com/dotnet/vscode-dotnet-runtime/blob/main/vscode-dotnet-runtime-library/src/IDotnetEnsureDependenciesContext.ts) object and has a void return type.

## dotnet.findPath

You can execute this command to return a string to a dotnet runtime path. Pass it a [IDotnetFindPathContext](https://github.com/dotnet/vscode-dotnet-runtime/blob/main/vscode-dotnet-runtime-library/src/IDotnetFindPathContext.ts) object. The major.minor will be respected based on the requirement you give (greater_than_or_equal will return a dotnet on the PATH that is >= the version requested.)

This returns undefined if no matches are found.

## dotnet.uninstall

> You can execute this command to deference / uninstall .NET, either the SDK or runtime, as long as its managed by this extension. Pass it a [IDotnetFindPathContext](https://github.com/dotnet/vscode-dotnet-runtime/blob/main/vscode-dotnet-runtime-library/src/IDotnetFindPathContext.ts) object suggesting which install you want to remove.

Author: ```suggestion
You can execute this command to dereference / uninstall .NET, either the SDK or runtime, as long as it's managed by this extension. Pass it a [IDotnetFindPathContext](https://github.com/dotnet/vscode-dotnet-runtime/blob/main/vscode-dotnet-runtime-library/src/IDotnetFindPathContext.ts) object suggesting which install you want to remove.
```
